Andreas is an Assistant Research Scientist at the NYU Center for Data Science,
building a group to work on open source software for data science.  Previously
he worked as a Machine Learning Scientist at Amazon, working on computer vision
and forecasting problems. He is one of the core developers of the scikit-learn
machine learning library, and maintained it for several years.

His mission is to create open tools to lower the barrier of entry for machine
learning applications, promote reproducible science and democratize the access
to high-quality machine learning algorithms.

==============

Andreas Mueller finished his PhD thesis on structured prediction for image
segmentation at the Institute for Computer Science at the University of Bonn in
2013.
After working as a machine learning scientist at the Amazon Development Center
Germany in Berlin for a year, he joined the Center for Data Science at the New
York University in the end of 2014. In his position as assistant research
engineer at the Center for Data Science, he works on open source tools for
machine learning and data science.
He has been one of the core contributors and maintainer of scikit-learn, a
machine learning toolkit widely used in industry and academia, for several
years, and authored and contributed to a number of open source projects related
to machine learning.

=====
Andreas Mueller received his PhD in machine learning from the University of Bonn. After working as a machine learning researcher on computer vision applications at Amazon for a year, he recently
joined the Center for Data Science at the New York University.
In the last four years, he has been maintainer and one of the core contributor of scikit-learn, a machine learning toolkit widely used in industry and academia, and author and contributor to several other
widely used machine learning packages.
His mission is to create open tools to lower the barrier of entry for machine learning applications, promote
reproducible science and democratize the access to high-quality machine learning algorithms.
